### Automod

Automod automatically generate mod.ts files for you.

The mod.ts file for repositories is typically an index file that simply
reexports functons from other files. This is useful for organizing code, but can
be tedious to maintain. Automod will automatically generate mod.ts files for
you, so you can focus on writing code.

Automod reexports all named exports with the same name as the filename. Do not
use default exports, as they are (bad
practice)[https://basarat.gitbook.io/typescript/main-1/defaultisbad] for
intellisense and tree-shaking.

Example:

```
├─ src
│  ├─ mymodule
│  │  ├─ mysubmodule
│  │  |  ├─ mysubmodule.ts
│  │  ├─ mymodule.ts
│  │  ├─ myothermodule.ts
```

Given the following files

```javascript
//mymodule/mymodule.ts
export const mymodule = "mymodule";
```

and

```javascript
// mymodule/myothermodule.ts
export const myothermodule = "myothermodule";
```

Automod will output:

```javascript
// mymodule/mod.ts

// Content below this comment is auto-generated by Depo
import { mymodule } from "./mymodule.ts";
import { myothermodule } from "./myothermodule.ts";
export { mymodule, myothermodule };
```

However, given the following file:

```javascript
// mymodule/mysubmodule.ts
export const submoduleLocal = "submoduleLocal";
```

Automod will output a "blank" mod.ts file, because the export does not match the
filename:

```javascript
// mymodule/mysubmodule.ts

// Content below this comment is auto-generated by Depo
```

After running automod, the directory structure will look like this:

```
├─ src
│  ├─ mymodule
│  │  ├─ mysubmodule
│  │  |  ├─ mysubmodule.ts
│  │  |  ├─ mod.ts (blank)
│  │  ├─ mymodule.ts
│  │  ├─ mod.ts 
│  ├─ mod.ts (blank)
```

Automod generated `mod.ts` files do not look in folders. This means that they do
not reexport other `mod.ts` files. In this scenario, the `mod.ts` file in the
root of the project will be blank, as there are no files in the src directory.

Note how any custom logic can be implemented above the Depo comment.

- This escape hatch is especially useful for the `src/mod.ts` file, since it is
  also used as the entrypoint for running the project.
- This feature can also be used to add additional exports, but doing so is not
  recommended. Breaking out exports meant to be re-exported into their own files
  is a much better way to organize the project.
- If you do not want automod to reexport an export, ensure that the export name
  does not match the filename, such as by appending something to the export
  name, such as "Local" or "Internal". This also makes it clearer in other files
  that the export is not reexported.
